to properly clean and maintain your 223
caliber 5.56 millimeter family of
firearms you simply pull the bolt back
take your 30 inch memory flex cleaning
your odd assemble your slotted tip on
one end assemble your obstruction room
over t-handle stud on the other end you
take one of your cotton patches stick
the tip through the slot in the patch
take a pinch on the patch feed it back
through the slot in the tip pull that
gives you a swab that will give you 360
degrees with inside your bore take your
cleaner lubricant and preservative away
25 ultra bore and put a few drops of
solvent on the front end of the patch
after lubricating your cotton swab take
your obstruction mover stick it into the
action of the firearm assemble the
t-handle which give you more leverage
and pulling the swab down the barrel
pull the swab to the chamber this will
clean the neck the shoulder the neck and
the bore in one poll now we will
assemble the boar brush the rule of
thumb is to run a patch with solvent run
a brush then run a dry patch to mop out
with the solvent patch and the brush of
loosened up you insert the obstruction
mover into the action then assemble your
tea handle
to clean the locking lug area of your AR
m4 m16 family of firearms you need to
dribble the bolt and your charge needle
take your locking lug bore brush chamber
brush insert it into the upper receiver
and turn this helps clean the chamber
and the locking lugs other essential
tools to clean a locking lug part of
your AR m4 m16 family of firearms is a
compact receiver brush and the locking
lug scraper tool simply attach them to
the rod handles and you can go in and
easily scrape away the carbon from the
locking lug area retire now to
disassemble the bolt in the bolt carrier
I'll we use the pin punch on one end of
the rod handles and the brass scraper on
the other
first we need to push the pins out with
the pin punch
remove the firing pin and remove the cam
and remove the bolt here you use a brat
scraper clean the carbon brash scraper
is also used to clean the bolt face now
we will remove the extractor pin this is
the one of the most critical elements of
the bolt before reassembling your bolt
and bolt carrier it's ideal to wipe down
all of your parts
the last two tools in their scraper set
that will use is the pic to get into the
hard-to-reach crevices and the end brush
which we use to lubricate in oil the
slides
you